[docs] EAS Build: update infra docs - macOS Monterey image (#15996)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build-reference/infrastructure.md

- `default` alias will be assigned to the environment that most closely resembles the configuration used for Expo SDK development.

> - `latest` alias will be assigned to the image with the most up to date versions of the software.

Reviewer: If Big Sur stays 'latest' then this statement is false.

> > **Note:** If you don't provide `image` in **eas.json** for a bare workflow project, your build is going to use the `default` image. For managed workflow projects, the image will be chosen automatically unless you provide `image`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If you don't provide `image` in **eas.json** for a bare workflow project, your build is going to use the `default` image. For managed workflow projects, the default image will be chosen automatically based on the project's SDK version.
```

> > **Note:** If you don't provide `image` in eas.json, your build is going to use the `default` image. There is one exception to this rule - if you have a managed project and you don't specify `image`, it will be chosen based on your Expo SDK version. E.g. SDK 42 and lower uses `macos-big-sur-11.4-xcode-12.5`, and SDK 43 uses `macos-big-sur-11.4-xcode-13.0`.

Reviewer: Which one does 44 use?

Author: The default one.
